# Glossary

- **AWS (Amazon Web Services)**: [Amazon Web Services](http://aws.amazon.com/) is a collection of remote computing services, also called web services, that make up a cloud computing platform by Amazon.com. The most central and well-known of these services are Amazon EC2 and Amazon S3.
- **CDN (content delivery network)**: a system of distributed servers (network) that deliver webpages and other Web content to a user based on the geographic locations of the user, the origin of the webpage and a content delivery server.
- **CSS (Cascading Style Sheets)**: a style sheet language used for describing the look and formatting of a document written in a markup language.
- **DOM (Document Object Model)**: The [Document Object Model (DOM)](http://www.w3.org/TR/DOM-Level-2-Core/introduction.html) is an application programming interface (API) for valid HTML and well-formed XML documents. It defines the logical structure of documents and the way a document is accessed and manipulated.
- **GitHub**: [GitHub.com](https://github.com/) is a web-based Git repository hosting service, which offers all of the distributed revision control and source code management (SCM) functionality of Git as well as adding its own features.
- **HTML (Hypertext Markup Language)**: a standardized system for tagging text files to achieve font, color, graphic, and hyperlink effects on World Wide Web pages.
- **Javascript**: an object-oriented computer programming language commonly used to create interactive effects within web browsers.
- **JPG**: is a file extension for a lossy graphics file. The JPEG file extension is used interchangeably with JPG. JPEG stands for Joint Photographic Experts Group who created the standard.
- **Markdown**: [Markdown](http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/) is a plain text formatting syntax designed so that it can be converted to HTML and many other formats using a tool by the same name. Markdown is often used to format readme files, for writing messages in online discussion forums, and to create rich text using a plain text editor.
- **PNG (Portable Network Graphics)**: a file format for image compression that, in time, is expected to replace the Graphics Interchange Format (GIF) that is widely used on today's Internet.
- **Progressive Enhancement**: [Progressive Enhancement](http://www.smashingmagazine.com/2009/04/22/progressive-enhancement-what-it-is-and-how-to-use-it/) is a powerful methodology that allows Web developers to concentrate on building the best possible websites while balancing the issues inherent in those websites being accessed by multiple unknown user-agents. Progressive Enhancement (PE) is the principle of starting with a rock-solid foundation and then adding enhancements to it if you know certain visiting user-agents can handle the improved experience.
- **RWD (Responsive Web Design)**: an approach to web design aimed at crafting sites to provide an optimal viewing experience—easy reading and navigation with a minimum of resizing, panning, and scrolling—across a wide range of devices (from desktop computer monitors to mobile phones).
- **Semantic HTML**: is the use of HTML markup to reinforce the semantics, or meaning, of the information in webpages rather than merely to define its presentation or look. Semantic HTML is processed by regular web browsers as well as by many other user agents.
